HEy I am back. I am crying today.

Because I realized who worthless my work is. I though maybe this would be something that would get my 
thoughts out to others. But it thankfully reminds me how small I am in this world. Well even smaller
than I thought. I had a wish from really a long time ago. As a child and even today I see conutless 
people in the world. From all walks of life and culture it is really juat beautiful. 

I saw how homless people stuggled. How animals stuggled. And I thought these are the people who I want
to help. 

But I realize now that I am powerless. This really saddens me. For the past month I have been learning 
a lot. I learned about traanformers (foundation models), linear & logistic regresstion. I learned 
about so much in AI & RL.

I saw a video by kurkarzgeat realized a day ago & thought wow we are at just beginning of humanity & 
we have accomplizshed so much. Most people in the world die and they would be just a tiny part of 
the world Incredibbly tiny even if humaning can't travel outside this solar system. It just gives me 
hope. 

This just reinforced my belief in what I wanted to do. I really don't care about this life that i 
have. I suprissingly never will. There is no pain that I can't bear. The scale of our future compared 
to me is so incomparable to me. 

Heck even my pain or pleasure won't matter to them. So neither do I. I am going to get so many people 
hating me for htis I can already sense it. This is not human. I know people are going to argue if so 
why do you eat or do anthing necessary. It is for them and for my family. I seriously look at youtube 
as a way to learn. Most of the things I learned is based on things I have wanted to come across.

I purposefully wanted to direct my attetion to learn things. But now I am faced with a blockade, I 
want to do research as it would expand much of my stangnant skills. I know I have the knowledge & the
ablity to do so. I am a huge curiosity freak and have many ideas. Most of them are not good. Some 
point to the right direction but I there isn't an oppoutunity for we to direct my line of thought.

I am like a person with a slingshot trying to shoot a target in a very thick fog. I know how to shoot
& to listen. But doing so would take a tone of time and shots that I don't have. 

The problem is I have shot myself in the foot I have done so many things but I haven't said I have 
done it. There is no sort of proof of what I have learned. For me I didn't feel like it. Doing 
something and telling the world I have done it is really not how I work. 

why do you think I like having so many aliases. They are for the diffrent things I do, they are 
characters in this storybook I and many others call life. They are heroes people with no 
imperfections. I am not them. I have many imperfections, I don't have any honor or fame. 

And it is sad to see that hamper my growth.
