HAHAHAH. It's so funny how my life netagles itself in so many ways. It's like gods plan one o one. It is seriously ****ing amazing. So there are many things I am interested in Math, Theoretical "Coding", AI, Quantum Computing, Clothes, Physics, Violin, Piano, Tae Kwon Do, Meditation, Coginitve Science, Game Design, Econometrics, Quantitavive Economics, Data Science, Video Editing, World Building, Accounting, Photography, Puzzles & Teaching.

So many wierd things its fustrating. But I want you to focus on Clothes, AI, & Cognitive Science. These semmingly conflicting topics, except the last two, come together to create one of the biggest connections I have seen ever. So this idea came last night when I was playing a jigsaw puzzle. At that time I suddenly remembered that this was similar to an analogy I had learned in one of the research papers I had read back in 9th grade.

(During that time I didn't worry about college, So I did things that were funnnnn. Happy Times.) Anyways it, learning, was by something I was keenly interested in so I went in the field. From which I stubmled across this article (https://web.media.mit.edu/~reilly/pedagogy.pdf) which was in progress but mentioned really cool things about emotions and their effects in learning. It had a really cool diagram that shows how learning progress from stories to info to knowledge to wisdom. 

At that time I was wondering varios breakdowns, implications, how it matters to me, and questions it brought up or answered for me. I lost most of them. One of the few ones I can pick up from my memory is. (Really cool thing I did was make up my own learning model & implement it in my tutoring group)

"If there is this cycle of how stories transform into wisdom, what if we break it. I mean can stories or "data" become wisdom. How about information." 

WEll. . . . I didn't answer it or anyone else for that matter. I'll send a mail to see if that person would be intrested to answer it. Anyways I brink this up because of me learning more about AI now.

People in this field are crazy to build a generally capable AI. Really fun I want to see the same thing but I also want to use it to create a world. Basically a bigger dream. 

Anyways so I want to talk about another side of thigns. Clothes. I don't mean big brands or anything, I seriously don't find that interesting. But I want you to know that I relly lovvvve the aesthtic appeal of clothes. Seriously nothing can beat that. I got this fasination from reading too much manga, especially the ones revolved aroung school life. 

They wear such cool cloothes there that it is amazing how much better they are from real clothes. This is also something I did in 8th grade. I seriously spent a month or two learning about diffrent fabrics. There was this other site that showed the progression of cloths and style over the years. From which I found the some some age to be really cool. It was like when more types of fabrics and techniques were available so there was like a innovation boom but in clothes. 

That was really fun as well. So I bring this up because when I was studying AI. I came up with a disturbing thought. 

Most people know that we don't have AGI (... DUH! Why you write this article) though that was unnesarry to say. Let's make it clear. Then most of the appoaches we use today are Deep Neural Networks or in a very broad sense some sort of classifier. People also know that inteligent beings also possess wisdom (Wisdom Of The AGEs {In a granular voics}) I know I am listing simple stuff here. But some may know where I am going with this.

If you don't thats fine. Basically I want to say that most people are "messed up" (for a lack of a better word) and they don't want to go out of their comfort zone to change the models that they use. Sure some people might build diffrent types of classifiers. But most of the community is still just working to improve the speed and accuracy of built models. 

This is stupid. Don't get me wrong there are many people that I love in the field of AI that are tackling problems and challenges that I haven't even thought about + More importantly they are making that progress while I type behind my computer.

# Sad life. Right, call me a hypocrite. Maybe I am. But it doesn't change the pact that throwing a egg on an obsidian wall will break it. 

Some progress has to be disruptive to achieve dreams. It doesn't matter if other ideas can improve a model x10 or x1000 times. It is still going to be an egg. You need better tools if you are going to tackle one of the foundational problems from history. 

So what is that tool. I would say that clasifiers are great but you need ot do something creative with them. Now that you are given data. Have created some information you need to create some knoledge before you jump in and want wisdom. 

Knowedlge in the cog article is created by fabrics of information, intertwining them, they are created as a sort of jibsaw puzzle. In AI terms this would be its ablity to "organize and apply information"

Before I continue I would life to clarify what I am diverging from I am saying that instead of AI getiing good at taking tests they should know be able to get more general problem solving skills, to explain watch this video. (https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R9OHn5ZF4Uo)

