Inspiration is a wired thing.

Let me explain. So for the past 4 years I am actually a private tutor for a bunch of kids. About 70 - 100
I don't remember exactly. But the problem is that I am not able to expand to more that 30 kids to teach
in a a year. Limited capacity. So I got stuck there. Than there was a uncle I have that I just went
in to discuss about life and what he does. He owns a very large company, and loves to help others.
Something I found in common as well due to my service midset for others. But the productivity of helping
few kids is very less considersing the scale of people that missed coding classes during their middle
school years. 

Oh Right I created the Tutoring Group cause Middle School student were missing one of the most fun
activities I had in 6th grade. The coding group and classes, it was so fun as we had in class activities
and way more things that we did. Plus we all got our own computers to use, something I didn't have
a privelge of until like 8th - 9th grade ish. 

Anyways I was at middle school students right. So I created the coding group had a lot of people, way 
more than I expected. In parralel there was also the problem of education for the poor and homeless, 
plus like orphans who tyically aren't taken care of by their foster families. I was thinking
maybe a way for people to get into coding by paper sending us their answers & we help them get jobs
in companies. That wouldn't work + there was already a Google program, that shut down, with the same idea
and they had way more traction in the early years. I sent a mail to that group & never heard back.

This was in 9th - 10th grade summer I believe. (Forgive me for messing up the timings I am trying hard
to remember) Then I continued with the program for 10th grade trying to add more people to my team
that didn't work as well as even with 4 people the people we could cover and I could look over was limited.

Things reached to a dead end. The paper idea was too expensive and would similarly be limited in reach.
And scale as there was no authority by us to get poor & homeless people into jobs. Additionally there 
would be very little we could do with paper teaching, mostly complex psuedo-code or small program. 
Nothing on the scale of full products.

Epiphany hit during the Ukraine-Russia War as well as me reading more about bitcoin. I seriously don't
know how cause they aren't related. When I thought maybe we could make a diffrent kind of educational 
website. Alright, this was also beacuse I was studying for the SAT, APs, bunch of AI stuff. Reading
about cognitive science, there is a really great paper on this (let me disect it), + way more just
learning, hacking, coding, writing, ideating, etc... (That's why I say it is wierd)

I felt that most of these educational websties are passive. Open Course Ware is a bunch of projects
and classes combines together to be solved in the users own discretion. Khan Academy develops a similar
style, many new educational websites copy the same thing. Some add a quora or stack overflow twist
to it and call it "innovation", wiki university is just a bunch of information one after another.

To change this I though why not use other company apps or websites and make users create a copy of it
in either code or psudeo code. This challenged me then I searched how to make it possible. I found
OpenAI and its applicational projects. The one where words are made into code. I said reversed engineer
than, than compare to see if the psudeo-code generate code is ~ similar to the actual code should work. 

Many ideations after I scrapped many things added many things and came up with this: An app/virus (I did
say it was inspired by COVID didn't I)that is downloaded & does nothing. For which you can set multiple
"parameters". This regulate the time, place, and other information about this "virus." From this
we can then relase the virus that disrupts the users experience. Then takes a snapshot and goes
into the app again in a new tab. Here there is a split for user comfort with coding. Varying from
having the original code to look at and fix the disrupted code. To doing it just from a picture of the
broken website & erros in the kernel. Fun! You can also chose to do psudeo-code or do a timed version of
the activity. 

This helps everyone on so many levels. Especially the homeless people, as I could help them learn one
of the most useful things about a software job, debugging and fixing. (There are other ideas I am 
grappling with so I'll keep you guys updated)

Sincerely,
a Ruki @ Life.

Summary: This project had taken about 
9th grade: When I came up with the tutoring service.
9 - 10th grade. I talked with an inspirational firgure about life & stuff + I also hosted another year
of teaching with a potential solution didn't work, reach & approach was wrong.
10 - 11th grade: I learned and grew, the process was slow and didn't have an end destintaion. I just
literally followed what I wanted to know about & insiration hit.
11th grade: From April, May, & now June. I helped make the idea solid, dilly dallied on stuff.
Prepared for DECA competitions + AP Testing + Preparing for the summer.
11th Grade Summer: Now I start on my venture. Again alone mostly. I will make a prototype, ask for help
get people on my train, and go as fast as possible. 

a Quote I Like: "If early in life you are not going fast enough and not crashing. Later, you will be 
the farthested person left behing" - Me.

It shows me that in the new age life is not a marrathon its like a very long car race. You go as fast 
as feasible at the start, getting a head start, then have thousands of rounds of maintance. If you 
establish your postition early and high, you can move up. But if you take your time, you will be left
behind, and though the race never ends, there are ranks for which you will never move up. Cause no 
matter how many times others fail, they will get to the results faster than you can, they will get better skills
than you can, they will make their time worth more than you can. 

So make use of the free maintance you get, sometimes that's hard considering you have passengers, a worse
car, a lagging start or position. Don't worry though if you can't get first postion, do something else,
help cars that can't move, become the host of the race, or heck just leave everything behind for a seat
in the audience. 

     I will make the game interesting, fun, and challenging. If I have to becoem the host I'll do that, 
if I have to help others I'll do that, if I have to compete or collaborate I'll do that. I'll
play the most fun game until I kick the bucket & hopefull keep it fun for more years to come. 
