Alright my Dad tol me something I seriously disagree with. Let's analyze it.

His argument is that when you are the last person to do something. You are not recogognized. People see
it as already done by people who come before you. Also people only look at the applicants that come on
the top of the list, who apply first as the first considerations. If people fit their criteria they 
take them then reject the others.

Both are true in the world. But then screw this world. 

If I am going to be the last person to be seen so what. I'll create the most amazing story, people 
won't have a chance but to recogonize what I do. Secondly if the organization I am trying to join 
just says right we already have a few people who meet the "criteria" the rest are rejected. Heck, I'll
withdraw my application. If they can't tell me why I or any other person is more fit for their 
community. How are they supposed to tell the products that are fit for their customers. Or even who in
their company does the best work that they just have to promote. 

That's just a failing company, they don't know what they are doing or even who is doing it.

I don't find my fathers words incorrect. I just find it his perpective. He knows how this world has
been run. He has also maybe suffred from it. My perpective doesn't align. 

I see things diffrently, but that diffrence is something people don't want to listed to or understand.
It's hard. I can lie and tell you its fun or even easy to be diffrent from others, to look at things 
diffrently, to live in a new way. People have done it. Ross is a really good example. I am just 
inspired by how he learned how to not give a damn and move. His reslilience in truly enviable. 

To tell you how hard it is let me give you an story. Imagine a round hole with a irregularly shaped
peg. Now imagine the peg reaches his 14th birthday. Now someone picks him up and start banging him 
against the round hole. That thing is society it wants you to conform for you to become a round peg.

It says 14 years you have enjoyed now time to enter the "real" world. The trapped box world. The worst 
fact is it rotates you there isn't one way it attacks you. It attacks from all directions your left,
right, center. It pokes around until it finds a weakness. With people there they can help reinforce you,
take the pain away, or even help stop society. If you have a few people who believe in you. They may 
be those people, I say may as sometimes though they want you to be yourself. Their actions only 
prove the contrary. The education system especially in the U.S. is a very good example. Rules, regulations,
limitations, acceptance, and expectations are grounded in you.

Thinking back I haven't had people with me who supported my irregularity all the way, Yes, there have
been wonderful memories. But their time is short. And their end pointing to the square hole. 

Now imagine that for 3 and 1/2 years. It soon becomes a living nigtmare. The shackles ocme off at
results but every waking second is bounded to being smashed. Truly its a race against time.

If you fail once, it becomes hard to start again. Their is a basis for them to point and say this 
is what happened to you. Other people are diffrent. Their ideas aren't "shit". 

Yep. My dad told me my ideas a re shit cause they have no results. NO changes. Nothing. The worse
thing is I can't refute. I can't say my ideas aren't "shit" God sometimes I believe my ideas are shit.

But I wonder should that stop me from doing them them. Nah. Who cares if my ideas don't help the 
current me and my situation. Everythings going to die and be lost in the future anyways.

(me and my mom had a big argument about this that ate my brain. She said okay if everything is going 
to die why live. Huh. I sometimes wonder if what I said was in a diffrent language. It must be. 
Come one I  don't want to live for myself but for others, something just bigger than myself)

If it can help anyone. Connecting them, making them smile, helping them realize they are not alone in 
this world. I'll do it. Even under the pressure of billions of people. Worse under the expecatiations
of my family and friends I (who I am currently) will still raise my hand. I won't spend just a part of
my time doing it. Like my father suggested. It will occupy my mind. It will infeilltrate everything I
do until I am done.

-_-

Now back to me. I am supprised how long I have lasted alone with my thoughts. If the future me reads it
I hope he has the same views as me. I won't blame him for not. I can't imagine how a day or more. A 
sudden loss of a loved one. Or any other factors will affect you. i just pray that you find 
happiness in you journey whatever it might be. 

My beliefs right now are so conflicting with everyone in this world. Its hard. Even with food I 
feel hunger, sadness, despair, thirst, and alone. Somehow my environments livablity has made this
easier on me. I can't imagine how people in poor countries facing these challenges. Hold on to these
in the face of hunger worse with similar situations like mine when they are alone. 

The factors playing with a person are immense. Even if someone is from a middle class family in
a good area like San Francisco. They still face challenges, though challenges. These are not something
that affect their phisical and mental ablity. But they are matters of life and death. Life in the
sense of being truly alive living for a reason. 

I have seen religious people worship a diffrent god then their family. They face immense challenges.
But they don't falter. I respect those people from the bottom of my heart. 

Of course this shows me I am not unique. I love it. There are people on the path that I walk. But 
adulthood is a barrier all of us will have to pass. But truthfull there are many corpses in sight.
It frightens me how many us will pass the barrier. As there are ways to pass it easily.

These paths are schools such as MIT, Princeton, and Harvard. But it requires choosing the right path
or correcting one's path early on. 

I have 4 months left. 

That's not possible. I should be ready to take the best road I have right now. I need to climb it then.
I would have to handle the fall. Then more so I would have to continue walking. 

Now it just depends on me. 
