Hi I  was rejected ssooooo many times. It is so hard. To seek approval from someone else when you just
want to be yourself. This is so messed up. Speaking from personal experiences.

(Hey I just want you to know & accept that I have the data points from only 10 - 15 people. This can't
be enough to build a model of the world which accurately classifies groups and people to static boxes.
The very idea invites contradictions, come on humans & static. But it can show that these are stories 
that do happen. Anecdotes you might call them. WEll... here)


I was rejected from about ~12 summer programs. Yep summer programs. And know people could say I didn't
try. Damn it. Seriously. You know the problem is what I focused on. Instead on doing and making 
something tangible like normal people, I choose to explore the world of fantasy, theory, and of 
possiblities. 


This is so sad before doing used to be un-normal? Now almost everyone seems to constantly have a sort 
of action plan. Things they have, work pending, people to impress, & authority to maintain. I don't
know if that is good. It should be considering historical examples such as Bill Gates & Warren 
Buffett. 


I don't know if it also applies to Jeff Bezos & Elon Musk. Cause they both seem like a combination of 
both. Especially their later's history. Elon Musk started with PayPal which he grew and sold during 
the dot com bubble I think. That was really useful and continues to effect peopel lives and innovation
today. Then there is the buying? of Tesla then his high rise. Then SpaceX talk of him stepping down 
from  Tesla & more. They seem like dreamers as their dream was their vision. The possiblty of their 
dream coming true was 0% for simplicities sake. But they grounded their dreams to reality somehow and 
made the world follow the direction with their dream as a part of the future.


I won't say they didn't have a legacy of doing. They did. But the fact is that their doing wasn't 
restricted by worldly concerns. Stuff like college & more. That many even the most passionate people 
who love what they are doing think about. 

Looking at context they loved what they were doing & maybe bacame better due to it. 

I don't know what it is, I haven't "coded since a year" ~. I did do the Google Code Jam, but life & 
DECA did something somethind and though I qualified to the second round I couldn't participate. Oh 
Well. 

The thing I can tell is that when I was in the first round I loved every single minute of it. I 
challeged myself to learn a new language as I coded and I did. I spent days coding learning, looking
at documentation. 

Learning the new language and coding were so easy I was doubting why didn't normal people or everyone know this. 

(Off random. This was the same thing that happened to me in the SAT I took for the June 4 make-up. So I started studying for that 2-3 days before the thing. I was supposed to have forgotten everything. But the thing was so easy. I looked back at the mistakes I made on my previous tests and I realized I was so stupid. I did them again & I got them right. Funny thing was the answers I choose made no sense whatsoever. In hindsight it was like a kid went in an pressed random buttons. That was like 3-4 months ago)

Well then most of the time I left I read the words on the SAT book. I don't know why it was useless. Maybe. But I shoudn't have done it even now. 

If you have read life on this scream then you know I make life out to be a island with a rock. The rock is a limited asset we have. The only thing that remains is the metal. The metal is the things others notice about us right. But I don't want a limited metal. There are millions of people in this world many will die withought leaving a name in the world some withought even a chance to do so. 

As time does on the stone degrades. But something people don't question is the scratches. The world represents your soul, the will. But the will has scratches. Why? There is only a limited space for people to express what they do. Why? People are confined in space and talents. Why? 

I asked myself these questions but I found that very few people reach international recogonition for multiple things. If you remove scandals, bombings, and other nefarious acts. This goes to the 10 - 30. In history. All of history. 

The irony or beauty of the this life is that the thing that fades is the only thing that remains after death through time and through space. 

The stone is your chance to make an impact of your soul. The marks left behind may be from others. But the marks you leave will be your, they will be enternal. The rock is ugly it isn't noticed by people. But the rock has an impact on the world. It is your time which your can make change from. 

People will forget the expeirences you have, many will stop observing your world, your time will fade, the metal which attracts so much attention will fade into history. 

Many will see this as disheartening. But I see this as a pointer, there must be something eternal. The stone the only thing we can see that fades is the only thing that the world will notice. It is neither easy or noticable that you have to carve into the stone. But people have did it at varying success. 

The result they forge their time. Their will affects the world. Their 
