Hi Before I Forget Let me write this down. (Yesterday I got my SAT score)

So the SAT. It is me getting extreme stresss. Cause i am really bad at this. so what happened is that
I was supposed to take the SAT on June 4th.

Life doesn't go your way. But this time it did. This time it did. So it got postponed and I was so 
happy cause I was not ready for it. I then though well now I can get some actual studying done maybe.
Even take classes & so much more. OK you probably need some context.

So I am pretty stupid so don't do this. Please. What happened was I told my parent no need to pay
for any classes I am going to be able to do this by myself. First it was a belief in my ablity, then
it was Ego (maybe)/ not wanting to go back on my words. & Lastly it was despair. I gave up and 
asked to be put into classes. It was too late by then. 

That's why. Don't do this. I procastinated & didn't study until a week before the exam. That's what
happened for the June 4th one. 

But Life doesn't go as planned and diffrent things took my time/ I let them take my time. And I barely
had a lot of practice.

The only real practice I had was giving a actual SAT on the week & the memory of what I had learned 
during 9th or 10th grade for a SAT Pathshala class. This was not good. So I was glad that it got 
postponed.

And having learned my lesson I made the same mistake of procastinating. This time worse. Cause I
didn't get the mail from colleboard it got sent in spam and I got another one (luckily I asked on the
day of what I was supposed to do because of June 4th cancelation & they told me they would have another
one the same month.)

There goes my classes, but I would definetly have more practice right. Nope. I had two days. third was
the test. I clutced like 2 practice tests the first day & 2 the next. But I also got a $15 collegeboard
thing where it allowed you to get like a view on the previous exams questions. 

But life doensn't go your way. I got scamed the money went & when I saw it was just the questions. I 
checked the site & it said only a few dates of testing actually got to view their answers. Mine wasn't
one of them. I could call them & get my parents involved for a refund but I had 2 days, I didn't 
want to mess with the testgivers, I didn't want to say I didn't check everything, and I already had
lost all hope. 

I was & am currently depressed. Like I get sad for no reason. Just let out a soft sigh & think nothing
but about life. It's kinda like my life and mood aren't even mine. One time I was washing the dishes
and I suddenly felt extremely sad. I don't know if this is life depression but its weird and I can
only call it that. Cause I got sad doing the dishes that's life the boring-est task. 

Well so I got nothing to do & to feel like I did try. I just used my time efficently and got over all 
of that stuff. I was getting good at it sometimes & watched a few videos about stuff. But I wasn't 
consistent. Sometimes I would get 10/10 next would be a 7/11. 

Last day night I was checking the Colleboard website priting some stuff & looking over the things 
I got wrong. When I remembered there was one more test. I went to the page & look o look what I found
the questions in the thing were unlocked & I could see the questions & answers. 

Broooo. There were two things that supprised me. One I didn't pay for it. So cool free stuff. & second
the questions I got wrong. I looked back in "hindsight" (love that word) & really just questioned
my abilty to think. I was suprised with how dumb I was.

(I love the word hindsight cause only the future you would know and slap his head with the decisions 
you have made) 

Some of the answers didn't even make sense. Like I was suprised how dumb I was. For questions I picked
the most random answers for the easiest questions it was embarsing to watch. But I did none the less.
I honestly think I had like a random letter generator that test.

I laughed. The thing wasn't helpful cause the answers were just I mean straight forward. 

But you would be suprised what happned I got a 1530 (They messed up: [1:4:2] wrong is 1540) and In
hindsight now I know why, hint it wasn't my preperation or any mystetrious breakthrough. I had the 
ablity toget the ablity to get such a high number from the start. Seriously I would have gotten a 1530 
from the first test I took.

I know I would have gotten a full score or close if I had followed this thing a bit better.

I took it too seriously first in my confidence I got anxious. In my promises I got sad. And then in
my despair I lost focus. The thing that saved me was my prior stupidity. Ironic isn't it.

My emotional condition that was runined due to the SAT was saved in the last hours by the mistakes I
made due to my runined emotional condition due to the SAT. It is so obvious now. But even during
that day I laughed, I couldn't imagine the impact it had on me. Only after the test I realized I felt
a bit better than I did ever after the SAT.

So much depends on your emotional state. Don't ruin it. pLease. So I am pretty stupid. & now I feel
my emotional state is out of my control. Which is really sad to see. 

I am able to find comfor it writing & eating food + sugar. But it really isn't a long term solution.

The last four years of college I have learned so much it really is impossible to state everything in 
words. But I experienced pretty bad things.

Disclaimer: the kind of bad I am talking about is kinda life a greek tragedy. There is nothing the 
enviornment pushes onto you. Bad parents, nope. Dangerous envrionment, nope. Bullying, no. Never nothing
like that. The bad things that happened to me is things I brought onto myself.

Its kinda life throwing a hammer to hit the gods only to make it land on youself. Except I cursed 
no one and it wasn't just one. To name a few things I lost: family, emotions, intelliegence, 
oppourtunity, relationships, and health.

