After my rant, - I'll post this on Stanford Blogs for people most likely. Should help more people.
(A condensed version though cause I use this page diffrently)

I understood something today that people in their lives are at most defined by one thing. 
Humans find it hard to remember consequent things. What do I mean by that, here I
was feeling an immense pressure on me for this summer. For the next 4-6 months & for registering for
college.

But, I realize now that those worries were meaningless. You see I really wanted to go to a GREAT college
for 2 reasons: the People and the Lab/Equipment. Both are real concerns for college and they don't
deminish even after I learned this fact. As the people, my peers & teachers, are really important to
make me feel challenged while equipment is really required as it allows me to grow. So like a push &
destroy method. (I really like that analogy, I'll keep the name for a game I should make. But What 
kind of game could be inspired by that? I don't know I'll think about it) Anyways then I realized both
of the problems aren't really solved just because I go to college. They are problems even for people
in college and outside. 

Heck, most people don't realize it. I was thinking of ways to combat this. Though of two preliminary
ideas. First, people well people who can make you challenged are probally good at the skill themselves.
(You think?). Next, people only get really really good, like the challenging level, when they are
really passionate about what they do. If they have passion they would do it regardless of where they 
are, so not need to worry about where I go.

You might have lost my train of though there. Basically, what I am saying could be summed to two or 
three videos I have watched. (Freaking god, you probably might realize this later but I read, watch,
and learn a lot of stuff. Problem is probably my expecution. Which is why I created this page). Anyways
one was Steve Jobs experience in his early days. Before I start I want to say that to reach this point
I first asked myself. How was Mr.Steve, a person who started a company in a garage find so many
talented people to "conduct". Interesting perspective right.

Well, I found that Mr.Steve didn't search for those people, they came to him. I call this the "Gravity
Effect". Yep, suprisied by what I found. Well, don't be (you probably aren't as you might have guessed
where I was heading, but the topic & the answer maybe wounldn't have made formed otherwise. Plus its 
just fun to pretend that you don't know.) I'll tell you how. People found there products to be really
intersting, they found respect, they found thought. People before Apple were using computers
that were hard to operate, in Apple they found something else. "[They] realized it wasn't [them] who 
were wrong and incompotent. But that the tools weren't right." 

(Here is where morality, kicks in for most people. What do you mean the tools weren't right, you just
didn't know how to use them. Stop complaining and get better. Well. I don't want to argue against that.
This post probably isn't for you. I brought this up so I don't feel like I did any injustice in 
not addressing stuff I though about too. But find the answer yourself as this post WON'T BE ABLE to 
change that thought process.) :p 

Kkkkk. I was at they found that tools weren't right. Now you see when normal people thought it was 
resonable to expect stuff to get better. Passionate individuals thought diffrently they came
to Silicon Valley to help Apple, why because Apple "thinked diffrently" it challeged the statuse quo.
It innovated and it respected the people who used their products. That in itself attracted people. 

Okay, to clarify stuff I don't know how much of it was planned. Probably nothing considering the future
insight that needs to go into this. So it was much more likely that they built the company cause it 
was interesting and fun to do. As it happens with most of the trully great products. Neither do I care,
I find that the results speak for themselves & that people looking at the past, especially recent, should
have an basic understanding to the path they took (unless they lucked out & were skilled in the first
place ^) 

---- 
Ok. I said alot of things time to wrap this up (I'll think if I want to do the equipment article). 
Anways, what I said was a bunch of jargon information if I can't tell you. Why this relates to me
finding people who are talented. Well I am going into the CS field (duh? Github page, tell me something
interesting), many people like to be in CS, some chase money, some chase the fun, there is a trend going
in this age for people chassing it for fun (comment if you need an explanation). With fun comes tools
and fustration. 

: If my hypothesis is correct. Apple defined Steve Jobs, like Microsoft defined Bill Gates, the Stock
Market defined Warren Buffet, Amazon - Jeff Bezos & Tesla - Elon Musk. There are many more I didn't 
mention as these examples, hopefully, people would find they could relate to. Furthermore, you 
wouldn't say that they don't work with the most talented people they can find. Even the best companies
do so. For example Google & Larry Page, have criterias for chossing the most talented Software 
Engineers and Researchers (their acceptance rate is lower than top colleges). These places are a
gravity for these people. Though this is extremely hard to acieve, I am still underestimating it (
imagine walking through hell & back) but smaller cases and examples do exist. This is an amazing 
achievement considering many of the top colleges are here for 100 of years. I will not compare them
any further though as Colleges provide the most valuable reseoruce for the world. advancement. Now
tying it back in, building something big and meaniful to the world would be my sort of gravity. 
Though it wouldn't be as impactful as studying at top colleges. It would make me happy & allow me
to challege myself through my limited life.

__

Sorry, This is such a mess of information. I went back & put a message at the top if people didn't 
understand or find the text unhelful and went back to the top. I just wanted to put down everything
that I was thinking about it the way that felt natural. That didn't go well. For a more well-thought 
out version. I should include a link to a similar info page soon. 

Sincerely,
A Ruki @ Life.
