I really love time compressions here is one:

You live mostly till 80 (no)
 - Till the 13th birtday you are too unconsious to notice anything but youself (no)
 - 13 - 18 is the years you get to learn the most (no: suprised. Yeah its because your stupid during that
 time. See below)
 - 18 : 23 is your time to make the best of everything. (yes)
 
 Kkkk. Time to explain. 
 
 1. So mostly what happens is that society kicks in to high gear this time and says okay so we know
 we put you in a box of shinny and fun stuff and said this was reality but time to come out now. (
 That's how it goes for most people)
 
 2. High school years are the best time to learn because of (1) you think everything is shiny and 
 perfect including you. So you have unreasonably high expecations of yourself that make you
 shoot & cry until you move towards them.
 
 3. . . . . K this is true so. It's beacuase people can die unexpectedly. Some major thing can occur
 and everything else. Wait this is my personell bias due to the people around me facing things like
 this so you could ignore it.
 
 Now that I think about it that's pretty iroic right. Alright.
 
 Time compression = 80 - 13: 67 into 10 years.
 
Easy so you live life at 6.7 years per year. That looks nice. Other things work as well. Got assignments

let's see the times you have to work in aspect to normal time (avg -Data or made up-) and see your 
time compression. 

I don't know why I find this fun, but I do. It's kinda like those fast forward buttons.

#let-me-guess-why

DO not take this as my final thing But.. here 

So in taoism there is certain rules to life. Guides they help you find your tao or your path. 
and they seem to be life teachings. One of them is life a story about a boy on a journey for a treasure
there he meets many people who help him which he is greateful for but as he is keenly focused on the 
treasure he hurries everyday to the destination. 

He reaches to see there is no treasure. He is left heartbroken and curses everyone especially the map
makers. As he goes back he sees the sunsets everyday, helps people who hellped him, and enjoys to
the fullest. Coming back he feels it wasn't so bad after all.

Knowing this you might be confused. Don't worry I know time compression seems just the opposite of 
this. You are going faster. 

Wrong.

* Time compression isn't for work its for the essense of the world. * 

Confussing yes, even I can't grasp it. Diffrent reason though cause I feel that life inheretly is 
meaningless. The suns going to explode, death and diesease kill millions of innocent people every 
year, and war, and stupidity of people, and my powerlessness to it all. Yeah chaos. Right now I 
feel like I am staring at a deep abyss capsule. For which I am stuck in the middle. 

There is no light and turing point. It's diffrent from the time I almost drowned. Cause then I only
saw light. It was liberating. Until I came back. 

I am not going to say heaven and hell caise they seem wrong. It's more like a white and black card.

The white card is the calm in life. Friends and family where life seems to brighten. While the dark
is the chaos often hidden and the feeling of powerlessness. 
