https://github.com/gifford-lab/mit-6.S977/blob/main/index.html

See that & you will know why i really want to actually go to a top universtiy if all universities are 
like that.

That so much reseonates with me, I am shocked. I had a friend come in a few days ago and he said that
college look at how are you like actully like, personality wise. I felt he was wrong. I don't know.

Most of the poeple I see show potential in their HS years to which it shows that they would do 
somethign great. 

There are cases where people in other school end up doing great things. But they are low, and lower
if you consider why as most of them are due to geographical limitations. 

That's sad considering it is true. People who show potential in HS end up doing great things. But I
didn't. I don't know if this dooms me & if so what would I do or even feel. 

But enough of that now. The link in the top is something I found going thoguh graduate course 
material for MIT. This was cool. & currently I am reviewing the things in theh app so that 
I understand them or at least get exporsure to understand them. I wnat to create more applciations.

Like my goal now is 10000 applications in diff fields in 3 months. OOOOF but I ain't afraid to try.
It's hard though cause I have a lot of other things going about so what I am going to do is try 
making and doing stuff as I go. 

Truth be told I am sad I probably won't get into a top 10 university. But you know what. I realize why.
I didn't think or am thinking about their prestige or credinteiality. But their value.

The people I can't get to meet & the things I will miss cause I can't do it alone. 

Standford & MIT (Harvard for Quantum) were my top school choises they provide so much information. That
1 person or any other school just fails to do. The people there are speacalized in the industry & thats
what i am afraid to miss in any other schools. Not that it can't happen in others. 

But it's the fact of resenance (spelling?) something that goes like your feeling when given a choise
you are denied you selection. 

If in the future, I could. I have an idea I want to try. --> ^

But not going to MIT feels like my inadvertent choise and making me relectant to do so. In the larger
scheme of things colleges and companies alike won't really matter. But for me its not of the name. 
But my growth and people I can't connect with over there. 

That sounds so cliche. 

I hate everything. There is somethings in life. I really can't just convey how fustrating they are.
Ever have an idea that's like really good but you forgot it. 

Now the problem isn't if the idea is actually good or you would do it. Its the loss of that thing 
that irritates me. Kinda similar to colleges huh. 

Kkk. Well. There is literally nothing I could do to actually do anything about it. 

I am scared. For the future as well as myself. I don't know if I am going to sink in this world or
stay afloat to see the horizon and dream. 

Like colleges are like that some are life vessels that can make you stay afloat. While others are
chains that pull you downward. Pretty alamring but true, 

The expectations and resoponsiblities are priotized to people with credenttials that those without
one. HTere is a realy gap between people this way. 

NONONONONONOONONONONONONONONONONONONONO.

That is wrong there is not a chain but aojdauhsjin hvgjnabbtcgh. 

K. I don't even know how to describe it. I just feel lost. Next I could say that people who have
choclate can stay afloat or people with great jobs!? 

No. That's not true. I could have said it better. It just feels hard to descibe. 

Sorry. My fault. It's not MIT, Princeton, Standord, Harvard, Columbia, UC's. And the like. It
is the entrepreneurs, researchers, youtuber, designers, and the like. That act like life
vessels. 

To learn something you need: 
- Watch great people do it.
- Do it.
- Get feedback from great people.

^ That's how you learn. & More. . . But that's too long. There is article somewhere here that talks
a lot more about learning. (I can do a thing about it) 

Did you notice how 2 of those things have great peopple. That's the thin that keeps you afloat. 

MIT & the like. Are screening process + way more. That really push people and remove all sorts of 
barriers. You need others. (something I deeply believe in) to life or to survive.

 
 
 * The greatest thing Top colleges can offer you is how do you work with & like great people. *
 
 
That requires a lot of things. Because knoledge is not like genetics. It can be changed and what these
collges do (some suprisiling don't or IDK) is reinforce that and magnify it 1000 times.

Cause great people do great things. That's not suprising. Right? 

